# predictors

PredictorsAnalyzer is a Ruby script that collects, for each merge scenario, metrics about the factors concerning modularity, size, and timing of contributions. It gets as input the output result of mining (https://github.com/kld2/mining_git) and slice collect (https://github.com/kld2/slicesCollect) scripts. To run this script, you need to follow the instructions: 

*******Install all dependencies
1) To install the bundler to manage all dependencies, open a terminal window and run this command: gem install bundler.
2) To install all dependencies specified on the Gemfile: bundle install.

*******Configure projectsList file

The projectsList  file contains all projects used to compose the study sample. So, each line of this file should specify a project repository used and should be set as follows:

For instance, for a project  repository located in https://github.com/loginUser1/projectName1, the corresponding line should be set as "loginUser1/projectName1". That is, 
 - The owner of the project, in this example, loginUser1, and 
 - The name of the project, projectName1
 - Each project name needs to start and finish with ".
 
*******Copy the output results of mining and slice collect scripts execution
1) Copy all  xx_MergeScenarioList.csv  files (xx means the project (s) name (s) used to compose the sample), generated by the mining script, to the input folder in this project.
2) Execute this step only if you compute modularity for Ruby MVC applications the same way we do. Otherwise, skip to item 3 below. Copy all files (xx.csv and xx_Packages.csv) located in the rubyData folder (generated by the slice collect scripts), into the input folder in this project.
3) Execute this step in the case of you compute modularity factor in a different way (i.e.,  with different strategies, for different languages, frameworks, etc.). In this case, your Modularity script should receive as input da result of mining step and as output should generate the same files mentioned in Step 2, as described in slice collect (https://github.com/kld2/slicesCollect) scripts.

4) After copyng the mining and slices scripts outputs to the input folder of this project, it should contain 3 files per project sample: xx_MergeScenarioList.csv, xx.csv, and xx_Packages.csv.

*******Run this script

Run the main script: MainAnalysisProjects.rb 
